yo we got to talk about the pixel 4a
i know they don't shoot videos on
weekends i'm shooting this off of a
phone
uh but i feel like this is just
something i it's just right on the tip
of my mind i got to talk about it with
you guys
so earlier today a tweet comes out it's
from ishwan he's a reasonably reliable
leaker he doesn't leak a lot
but the stuff he does bring out is
usually quite accurate
so he's saying pixel 4a priced at 350
bucks
us dollars and that is a crazy
crazy price so it's not just the price
tag right it to me it's like the
it's what it represents we always knew
the pixel 4 was going to come out
it was going to be an inexpensive phone
with a fantastic camera
we expected it and we were looking
forward to it but it comes in
at 350 bucks now the thing that this is
representative of at least to me is
google's commitment to just doing their
best to win market share over apple's
iphones that price tag is purposefully
like
it you know they did it because apple's
iphone se is priced at 3.99 3.99
if apple never came out with that 400 se
this year
i'm pretty sure google would have priced
the pixel
the pixel 4a at the same price as last
year there's no reason to to put it to
350 bucks
but look at this now we have like
competition at this
part of the market this is this is
awesome um
oh my god there's so much stuff running
through my mind 350 bucks like the specs
on that thing
the cpu is unremarkable but six gigs of
ram 128 gigs of storage
with a killer camera if you saw my last
few videos of like
uh the oneplus nord we'll talk about
that in a second but
you could tell that the camera on the
pixel 3a just it just crushes
it it's it's something else now the
other thing i want to talk about
was is the upcoming release date
so they're launching this thing on
august 3rd so monday
a tech release on a monday is
extraordinarily rare just
it just doesn't happen i don't know
exactly why but
tech companies usually drop their stuff
middle of the week or sometimes
end of the week pixel 3a came out on a
tuesday pixel
4 came out at a thursday i believe
mondays are rare
i think the reason why they're doing a
monday like the august 3rd
i think this is this is crazy but
i think it's because they want to pop
out this phone
to stop people from buying the oneplus
nord
so the oneplus nord is uh it's already
announced everything
but the actual sale date is august 4th
the tuesday it's available to go on
their website to purchase
on august 4th and i think google's
dropping this thing on august 3rd
just to be like bam
what's up you looking for this you're
looking for a cheap phone
that has everything now i think
damn there's there's just so much i
think this is gonna be a crazy i think
they're gonna send a
they're going to sell so many of these
phones
headphone jack plastic phone a small
phone
one hand operatable this one's going to
crush
and 350 bucks anyways
i wanted to just share my thoughts on
this thing i think this is gonna be a
crazy phone this is gonna be the phone
that i think it's gonna be fun that i
recommend for most people not the
oneplus nord
it's probably gonna be this one what do
you guys think
is this crazy i'm convinced that price
point is real
ishwan's like he knows his stuff i'm i'm
convinced
350 bucks will find out monday
[Music]
you